bug/too-many-partitions (#131)
fivetran/dbt_jira: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_jira v0.18.0
[PR #131](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_jira/pull/131) contains the following updates:
## Breaking Changes
> Since the following changes are breaking, a `--full-refresh` after upgrading will be required.

- Changed the partitioning from days to weeks in the following models for BigQuery and Databricks All Purpose Cluster destinations:

>   - `int_jira__issue_calendar_spine`

Reviewer: This is now no longer an incremental model. We should clarify that update in the breaking change release notes.

Author: Updated.

  - `int_jira__pivot_daily_field_history`
  - `jira__daily_issue_field_history`
- This adjustment reduces the total number of partitions, helping avoid partition limit issues in certain warehouses.
- For Databricks All Purpose Cluster destinations, updated the `file_format` to `delta` for improved performance.

> ## Under the Hood

Reviewer: We should also mention the dbt.current_timestamp updates you made in a few places as an under the hood change.

Reviewer: Also would you be able to mention each model this change impacts.

Author: Updated.

# dbt_jira v0.18.0
[PR #131](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_jira/pull/131) contains the following updates:
## Breaking Changes
> Since the following changes are breaking, a `--full-refresh` after upgrading will be required.

- Changed the partitioning from days to weeks in the following models for BigQuery and Databricks All Purpose Cluster destinations:
  - `int_jira__pivot_daily_field_history`
    - Added field `valid_starting_at_week` for use with the new weekly partition logic.
  - `jira__daily_issue_field_history`
    - Added field `date_week` for use with the new weekly partition logic.
- This adjustment reduces the total number of partitions, helping avoid partition limit issues in certain warehouses.
- For Databricks All Purpose Cluster destinations, updated the `file_format` to `delta` for improved performance.

> - Updated the default materialization of `int_jira__issue_calendar_spine` from incremental to ephemeral to improve performance and maintainability.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, where does that default materialization happen?  I don't see an ephemeral reference in the model.

## Under the Hood
- Replaced the deprecated `dbt.current_timestamp_backcompat()` function with `dbt.current_timestamp()` to ensure all timestamps are captured in UTC for the following models:
  - `int_jira__issue_calendar_spine`
  - `int_jira__issue_join`
  - `jira__issue_enhanced`
- Updated model `int_jira__issue_calendar_spine` to prevent errors during compilation.

> - Added consistency test for model `jira__daily_issue_field_history`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added consistency tests for the `jira__daily_issue_field_history` and `jira__issue_enhanced` models.
```

Author: Thank you--updated.
